what is she doing
pricing can anything be done about it
when everyone else was trying to fit in
Jane was the only one who stood out
[Music]
she was a young one no one understood
that girl needs a husband is small
fortune or not by me you will have
nothing I could live for him until she
met the one man this Miss Austen mr.
florea
yes I know but I am alone who would
change her life I think that do you
consider yourself a cut above the
company me secretly he's the most
disagreeable insolent arrogant of men
but for Jane Austen that was just the
beginning if you wish to practice the
art of fiction to be the equal of a
masculine author your horizons must be
widened
by extraordinary young man by a very
dangerous young man mastered this summer
your friend has no money not a penny and
could not be expected to marry without
it you could persuade to sacrifice her
happiness a fiction is desirable money
is absolutely indispensable
you must know what I feel I'm Yours
heart and soul run away with me
[Music]
with a bee in life if we are not
together
discover Jane Austen's untold romance
that would become the inspiration for
her greatest love stories
[Music]
james mcavoy Julie Walters James
Cromwell and Maggie Smith
[Music]
becoming Jane
you
[Music]